# 2024-10-23 notes

**Notetaker:** @ZachParent

9:35am start

## Maps
* Bruno suggests Salamanca
* Zach suggests Tossa de Mar
* Mari mentions that Tossa de Mar is kinda small
* Antonio suggests Lloret de Mar

## Review assignment
* We need to add prof to github

## Adding crew
* coroner?
* mayor?
* forensics?
* criminal?
* a forensics crew with police, detective, maybe coroner

## Death in fires?
* it's realistic to have death
* different severity of fire might have different likelihood of death

10:00am

## Setting up environment
* should we have a communicator agent in each crew
* how do the firefighters coordinate with other crews
    * what would they say to each other?
    * maybe they update the other team on fire progress
    * deliver bodies/victims to other crews
    * initial reports
* Mari: if we have 5 different crews then each of us can own one
    * what is the 5th crew?
    * could be Public Announcement crew
* that means we will have the following crews:
    * emergency services
    * fire fighters
    * medical services
    * forensics
    * public announcements

10:10am

## Evaluating the environment
* Bruno has created an evaluation already
* he needs to add it to the repo. currently in Notion
* e.g. continuous, non-deterministic

## What should each agent definition include
* description of what the agent does
* list the properties
* main tasks
* not goals
* not backstory

## How do we create the fire inputs
* X and Y cannot be generated well by LLM
* some text or details could be written by an LLM
* we could use Python to generate the markdown report, and it could reference an LLM for some parts
* having a narrative will be important, for example for the forensics team

10:20am