# Medical Services Agent Crew
This agent crew is responsible of treating those injured in the fires. They manage the available health and first-aid services, such as hospitals and ambulances. The agents that are part of this crew are: a **medical services operator**, one **hospital coordinator** per hospital, and multiple teams of **paramedics**.

### Medical services operator
Takes calls from the emergency services and reports back.

- **Main task:** Recieves information from other crews and relays the relevant information to the rest of agents of the Medical Services. Also gathers information from its own crew and sends it to other crews who might be interested.
- **Tools:**
- **Type:** Facilitator agent.
- **Most relevant properties:**
  - *Reactivity*: This agent is in constant contact with its own crew, as well as with the other crews, reacting to the events that take place during the emergency.
  - *Proactiveness*: Being a facilitator, this agent does not need to be called to action, since it is mantaining a two-way communication between crews at all times.
  - *Social Ability*: It is clear that this agent is essentially social in nature, since its main task is the communication betweem agents.
  - *Temporal continuity*: The *medical services operator* is constantly recieving and sending messages between his own crew and the rest, updating the other agents about the current status of the emergency.


### Hopsital coordinator
Manages the available resources of its corresponding hospital. It is in contact with other *hospital coordinators* to discuss distribution of resources and patients.

- **Main task:** Manages the knowledge of available beds, ambulances and paramedics at the hospital. It asseses the hospital's ability to treat the injured, and sends aid teams to the fire sites. It communicates this information to the other *hospital coordinators*.
- **Tools:**
- **Type:** Information agent.
- **Most relevant properties:**
  - *Social Ability*: Communication is key for this agent, both with the *medical services operator* and with the rest of the *hospital coordinators*, to allocate and manage the resources of the Medical Services appropiately. 
  - *Rationality*: This agent has to know the limitations of its own hospital, and will not trigger a call to action if it does not have the necessary resources.
  - *Reasoning*: The real-time knowledge of the available resources, as well as the communication with other *hospital coordinators*, allow this agent to make sound response plans before taking any action in an emergency situation.
  - *Learning*: Being an information agent, the *hospital coordinator* has to constantly adapt its knowledge, based on changes in the world or on how well the emergency reaction plans perform.


### Paramedic
Provides medical care on the field and transports people to hospitals when needed. Can work in teams of multiple *paramedics* to work together at the emergency site.

- **Main task:** Takes an ambulance to the scene and treats on-site those with light injuries. Decides when a person is too badly injured and needs to be taken to a hospital. Each specific *paramedic* has specialized knowledge, which it employs in conjuction with that of its peers and depending on the needs of the situation. After its deployment, it reports the health status of all the people treated.
- **Tools:**
- **Type:** Collaborative agent.
- **Most relevant properties:**
  - *Flexibility*: This agent has to adapt on the spot to the situation it finds at the emergency site, where unpredictable issues might arise.
  - *Reactivity*: When deployed, this agent is in constant reaction to the events as they unfold, taking decisions in a chaotic environment.
  - *Social Ability*: Since *paramedics* are deployed in teams, they must collaborate with each other in order to manage whatever situation they find.
  - *Reasoning*: Each *paramedic* has a specific set of medical abilities, from which it derives how each patient should be treated and which patients should be prioritized above others.
  - *Autonomy*: Once it is on the field, this agent does not need to be told how to act, but will take its own decisions based on the situation at hand. 
