28-10-2024

# Meeting notes
## Author: brunosangom

Bruno's example as a template for most of us.

Mari worked on the emergency service. More or less did what we originally talked about. Everyone agrees. Also worked on the environment description.

Zach worked on the forensics team. Also worked on stats of the maps of the candidate cities proposed in the last meeting. Started working on some Mermaid diagrams to display the crews and the flow of communication between agents.

Sheena worked on the fire team. Added an equipment techinician to keep structure consistent between crews. We discussed changing the type of equipment technician to information agent.

Antonio worked on the Public Announcement team. Added from the original plan a social media commentator. Also worked on a LaTeX template and structure for the report. Looked for useful bib references and videos.

Bruno worked on the medial services team. Created overall agent description structure for the rest of the group to use as template. Only kept the most relevant properties for each agent.

We now have to work on putting everything together on a report. Creating figures that we want to use to display relationships betweeen agents.

Ideas:
- Have a big diagram that has all the crews, and relations between individual agents.
- or, have a higher level diagram with the crews and then individual ones with more specific relations.

Sheena proposed reviewing each other's work to check for consistency and spelling mistakes.

(Reviewer) -> (Reviewed)
sheena --> mari
mari --> zach
zach --> antonio
antonio --> bruno
bruno --> sheena

Anonio suggested making the presentation in LaTeX as well (beamer). Everyone generally agrees. We will first work on having the full report and then from there pull the slides.

Antonio also suggests adding introductory paragraphs between sections, as well as a section talking about the map and the environment one.

Set deadline to Wednesday 30th evening to review each other's work and turn it into LaTeX (the part you review). 

Apart from that, extra tasks:
- Introduction to the report: Anotnio (already done)
- Introductory paragraph for the Agents section: Bruno
- Map selection and plots: Zach
- Diagram of interactions between agents: Mari
- Conclusive section/ Future work: Sheena

Next meeting: Thursday 31st at noon, to comment the report and prepare the structure of the slides.


Meeting duration: ~60 min